OSDOCS#14987: Noting Kube APIs removed (again) in OCP 4.20) (#98816)
openshift/openshift-docs: updating/preparing_for_updates/updating-cluster-prepare.adoc

[id="kube-api-removals_{context}"]
== Kubernetes API removals

> {product-title} 4.17 inadvertently reintroduced a removed Kubernetes API; this API has been removed in {product-title} 4.20.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In {product-title} 4.17, a previously removed Kubernetes API was inadvertently reintroduced. It has been removed again in {product-title} 4.20.
```

Reviewer: Others lgtm.

Author: Updated, ty!
